# CLRS

Remote sensing image scene classification has high application value in the agricultural, military, land planning, and other fields. This type of classification has become an important research topic. Existing scene classification algorithms based on deep learning only focus on solving a single task, that is, all data of the task have been collected before the model starts training. However, obtaining a typical data set at once is often expensive and time consuming. Therefore, real world tasks are usually continuous, and the data of each task are a small batch data set from different time periods. Existing classification algorithms will face problems regarding storage and catastrophic forgetting when solving the continuous task remote sensing image scene classification problem, that is, the model cannot keep the same performance on the old task after learning the new task. Continual learning allows new tasks to be continuously learned without forgetting how to perform the previously trained tasks, and it does not require storing the historical data of the old tasks, which can provide solutions to the above problems. How to divide tasks is important for continual learning. However, existing data sets lack task partitioning standards, and continuous learning requires specialized data sets to evaluate and develop emerging methods, which largely limits the development of continuous task remote sensing image scene classification algorithms. First, this study gives the criteria for task partitioning in three continual learning scenarios, and proposes a large-scale continuous task remote sensing image scene classification database called CLRS, which is used to evaluate and improve the continuous task remote sensing image scene classification algorithm. In addition, in this paper, a new method of constructing a large-scale remote sensing image classification database based on a pretrained target detection model is proposed, which can effectively reduce manual annotations. Finally, this study introduces continual learning into the field of remote sensing. Using three continuous task remote sensing image classification scenarios, the several mainstream continuous learning method is tested and analyzed and can be used as the baseline method for the future development of continuous task remote sensing image scene classification algorithms.

# CLRS Dataset download
[CLRS Dataset can be downloaded here in BaiduYun](https://pan.baidu.com/s/1NkkaJxPtewW5fQMk8yCAQw)
